.\" Comments
.Dd Sept 26, 2004 
.ds volume-operating-system NuvExport
.Os NUVEXPORT
.Dt NUVEXPORT-SVCD 1 1
.Sh NAME
.Nm nuvexport-svcd
.Nd export nuv files created by mythtv to svcd compliand mpeg files
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm

.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a perl script built to assist in exporting .NUV files from mythtv into svcd directly, it runs nuvexport using the svcd export option

The output is a SVCD complaint .mpg file
.Sh OPTIONS
.Nm
takes all the same options as nuvexport, except for the --mode option

.Sh USAGE
See nuvexport's main manpage for the general usage of the program, this manpage deals with specifics of the 
.Nm
exporter

.Bd -literal
The following are all the questions that are asked as part of the encode process for the most part, the defaults should work well.  SVCD requires these options to stay standard.

Where would you like to export the files to? [.]
    This is where you would like to export the files to
Enable Myth cutlist? [Yes]
    This uses the MythTV cutlist during the reencode process to 
    transcode only specific portions.  This can be used to remove 
    commercials if they are tagged as such in mythfrontend.
Enable noise reduction (slower, but better results)? [Yes]
    This will enable a noise reduction algoritm to clean the 
    recording up.  This will however cost you some time in the 
    reencode process
Enable deinterlacing? [Yes]
    This will deinterlace the video to make it play better on a 
    computer monitor.  The interlaced signal is build for television 
    outputs, and does not render well on a standard monitor
Crop broadcast overscan (2% border)? [Yes]
    Removes the border around the video to clean up the recording.
Audio bitrate? [192]
    Sets the bitrate of the audio. Changing this will cause a non-complaint
    SVCD mpeg
Multi-pass (slower, but better quality)? [No]
    Reencodes each frame multiple times and average the frames to give 
    a better picture.  As reported, this will take more time, but 
    should give better results, especially on noisy video
Maximum video bitrate for VBR? [2500] 
    Required for SVCD complance.  (mpeg2enc manpage)
VBR quality/quantisation (1-31)? [5]
    Quantisation  controls  the
    Quantisation controls the precision with which image information is 
    encoded.  The lower the number the higher the quality but the greater 
    the required data-rate. (See mpeg2enc manpage for more details - option
    -q )
Width? [624]
Height? [468]
    Sets with Width and Height of the output file.
.Ed 

.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.Ex -std

.Sh DEPENDANCIES
.Nm
depends on nuvexport, and all of it's dependancies
.Ed

.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr transcode 1 ,
.Xr mythtranscode 1 ,
.Xr mythtv 1 ,
.Xr mpeg2enc 1 ,
.Xr nuvexport-xvid 1 ,
.Xr nuvexport-svcd 1 ,
.Xr nuvexport-vcd 1 ,
.Xr nuvexport-dvcd 1 ,
.Xr nuvexport-dvd 1 ,
.Xr nuvexport-wmv 1

.Sh AUTHOR
.Bd -literal
Main code by:  Chris Petersen (mythtv@forevermore.net)
Additional exporter work:  Gavin Hurlbut (gjhurlbu@gmail.com)
ManPage by: Paul Greidanus (paul@majestik.org)
.Ed

.Sh BUGS
Please check http://www.forevermore.net/mythtv to check on current status of nuvexport, and to check on any bugs
